W-16161783 search files google (#414)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.7/modules/ROOT/pages/toolbox-google-workspace-search-in-google-drive.adoc

= Search in Google Drive

Search for files or folders in your Google Drive, including your shared drives.

> You can add variables, filters, and operations to your search query. This action step returns the number of matches found, the file or folder IDs, and the names of the files or folders found. 

Reviewer: Change "operations" to "operators".

== Properties 

include::partial$oauth-authentication-settings.adoc[]

* *Common* 
+
See xref:common-properties.adoc[Common Properties]
+
** *Include all files from shared drives* 
+
Select this option to search files and folders in your shared drives in addition to My Drive. 
** *Search Query*
+

> String containing the search query. Use the Wizard for assistance while building your query. 

Reviewer: Maybe add that that, additional to the provided ones, all filters are supported, and users can look them up here https://developers.google.com/drive/api/guides/ref-search-terms

== Inbound Variables 

* *{A} replaced by* ... *{Z} replaced by*
include::partial$oauth-inbound-variables.adoc[]

== Outbound Variables 

* *Amount found matches*
+
Number of files or folders found. 
* *IDs of files or folders found*
+
Array of strings containing the IDs of the files or folders found.
* *Names of files or folders found*
+
Array of strings containing the names of the files or folders found.
* *Success* (Boolean)
+
Returns `true` if at least one result was found. 

== Wizard 

include::partial$oauth-authentication-wizard.adoc[tag=authentication-info]

Select either *Files* or *Folders*, depending on the type of search to perform. 

> Specify your search terms in the *Search Query* textbox. You can insert filters and operators into your search query by selecting them from the *Insert filters* and *Insert operators* drop-down lists. 

Reviewer: Add that, additional to the provided ones via the drop-down lists, all filters and operators are supported as of https://developers.google.com/drive/api/guides/ref-search-terms

= Search in Google Drive

Search for files or folders in your Google Drive, including your shared drives.

> You can add variables, filters, and operators to your search query. This action step returns the number of matches found, the file or folder IDs, and the names of the files or folders found. 

Reviewer 2: Should these two sentences be flipped?

Author: The first sentence is what the action step does, the second one shows optional configuration parameters. Maybe the last sentence can be moved after the first one as it explains what's the result of executing this action step.

== Properties 

include::partial$oauth-authentication-settings.adoc[]

* *Common* 
+

> See xref:common-properties.adoc[Common Properties]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See xref:common-properties.adoc[Common Properties].
```

Reviewer 2: Hard-coded link text?

+
** *Include all files from shared drives* 
+

> Select this option to search files and folders in your shared drives in addition to My Drive. 

Reviewer 2: Make descriptions parallel.

"Option to search..."

** *Search Query*
+
String containing the search query. 
+

> Use the Wizard for assistance while building your query. You can use any of Google's supported https://developers.google.com/drive/api/guides/ref-search-terms[search query terms and operators].

Reviewer 2: Should Wizard be lc?
Avoid using possessive with product names. ("...use any of the supported Google search..."

== Inbound Variables 

* *{A} replaced by* ... *{Z} replaced by*
include::partial$oauth-inbound-variables.adoc[]

== Outbound Variables 

* *Amount found matches*
+

> Number of files or folders found. 

Reviewer 2: Global: All sentence fragments = no period.

* *IDs of files or folders found*
+
Array of strings containing the IDs of the files or folders found.
* *Names of files or folders found*
+
Array of strings containing the names of the files or folders found.
* *Success* (Boolean)
+
Returns `true` if at least one result was found. 

== Wizard 

include::partial$oauth-authentication-wizard.adoc[tag=authentication-info]

Select either *Files* or *Folders*, depending on the type of search to perform. 

> Specify your search terms in the *Search Query* textbox. The *Insert filters* and *Insert operators* drop-down lists contain the most common filters and operators. However, you can use any of Google's supported https://developers.google.com/drive/api/guides/ref-search-terms[search query terms and operators].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter your search terms in the *Search Query* textbox. The *Insert filters* and *Insert operators* dropdown lists contain the most common filters and operators. However, you can use any supported Google https://developers.google.com/drive/api/guides/ref-search-terms[search query terms and operators].
```

Reviewer 2: Dropdown lists or menus?
